Hahahahaha that's right brothers
As long as you are willing to make a statement
Our Mr. Qin Feng will cooperate with you
Nonsense
There are so many island countries with science and technology Li Xian Huakun
How could it be possible to make such a statement?
Isn't it just a broken phone?
I don't believe it anymore
Except for Qin Feng Island Country, Qin Feng cannot be studied
I advise you not to be ignorant
The scientific research team in the island country is not vegetarian
Wait until they develop it
Even if you kneel down and beg them to cooperate
Won't give you a chance
That's fine, then let them develop it themselves
I'd like to see it
Can they develop this
You ugly woman dare to say one more word
I'll be rude to you.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is unheard of.
There is no way to develop in the direction of the ghost face.
Striker you bastard
I won't let you go, Mr. Tian.
I believe that advanced technology should contribute
Should benefit humanity
What do you think?
Ichiro Gangpani
Your island country has suppressed the blockade over the years.
Even when humiliating my Chinese science and technology industry
Why didn't you say that?
Technology may not be international
But a scientist has a nationality.
Say it well, say it well, say it well
Mom and Dad are so handsome, what do you think?
Yeah, why didn't you find it before?
If Ichiro Gangban does not issue a statement
Then forget about this cooperation
Yeah, I agree.